SElf driving- A convolutional neural network (CNN) 
is a type of artificial neural network used in image recognition 
and processing that is specifically designed to process pixel data.

CNNs are powerful image processing, artificial intelligence (AI) 
that use deep learning to perform both generative and descriptive tasks,
 often using machine vison that includes image and video recognition, 
along with recommender systems and natural language processing (NLP).

Tesla in May started delivering Model 3 and Model Y 
with a driver-assist system based on eight cameras 
mounted around the car and with no radar. 
The cameras, like eyes, send images to computer networks,
 like the brain, which recognize and analyse objects.

In May 2016,
 a Tesla car crashed,
 killing the driver,
 when Autopilot failed to detect a white semi-truck crossing in front of it.



We trained a convolutional neural network (CNN) to map raw pixels
 from a single front-facing camera directly to steering commands. 
This end-to-end approach
proved surprisingly powerful.
 With minimum training data from humans the system learns 
to drive in traffic on local roads with or without lane markings and on
highways. It also operates in areas with unclear visual guidance such as in parking
lots and on unpaved roads.
The system automatically learns internal representations
 of the necessary processing steps such as detecting
 useful road features with only the human steering angle
as the training signal. We never explicitly trained it to detect, 
for example, the outline of roads.
Compared to explicit decomposition of the problem, 
such as lane marking detection, path planning, and control,
 our end-to-end system optimizes all processing
steps simultaneously. We argue that this will eventually 
lead to better performance and smaller systems.
 Better performance will result because the internal
components self-optimize to maximize overall system performance, 
instead of optimizing human-selected intermediate criteria
, e. g., lane detection. Such criteria
understandably are selected for ease of human interpretation 
which doesn’t automatically guarantee maximum system performance. 
Smaller networks are possible because the system learns to solve 
the problem with the minimal number of
processing steps.
We used an NVIDIA DevBox and Torch 7 for training and an NVIDIA
DRIVETM PX self-driving car computer also running Torch 7 for determining
where to drive. The system operates at 30 frames per second (FPS).
